Bro, why are you wasting your time?
Because you can do 1 year's worth of
work in just 30 days. Like, let that
sink in. You can do 1 year's worth of
work in just 30 days. A group of bunch
of [__] are teasing you. What do you
do? I mean, even if your goal is to go
to gym and get fed, half of the time you
spend in finding your socks, I'm not
talking about socks here. And the last
week you'll spend in overthinking. You
should have been literally here, but
you're literally here.
Hello everyone, welcome back. And if
you're new here, my name is Tarun. And
in this video, I want to speak about how
can you achieve your goals in the least
amount of time possible. I'm going to
show you the exact five-step framework
that I use to achieve my goals in the
least amount of time possible. I've done
this multiple [clears throat] times in
my life, starting from my college
placements. I've spent my entire college
life making videos, but I still ended up
with a decent placement. Like even last
year, I was fat the entire time, but I
lost all that weight in like literally
one or two months. Most of the progress
that I've had in my life has come
because of this exact five-step
framework. So, please listen to me
carefully for the next 5 minutes. And if
you're ready, go to the comments below
and write I am ready tun. And let's get
started.
[music]
Most of the people around you are poison
to your progress because think about
this. Every single time you have a goal
to chase, you make a plan, you just sit
down to study or sit down to work, what
happens? Someone randomly calls. some
random notification pops up and you're
just distracted. If you're really
serious about doing one year's worth of
work in just one month, you [music] need
to just [__] disappear for everyone.
Stop picking up the calls. Stop replying
to DMs. Stop doing everything. All you
have to do is just focus on your goals.
And even if you speak to people, you
just are going to speak about this one
goal that you have. Now, the step number
two is shrink the timelines. Because
imagine you want to prepare for an exam,
edit a video or even finish your
homework. And if you know that you have
7 days, you'll do the entire work for 7
days. And some of you must be thinking,
oh bro, but 1 year and 1 month lot of
difference, bro. No, just think about
your days last 10 days. How much time
did you actually spend on your goals?
Like if you have 8 hours in a day, I'm
very sure four of those hours just went
in speaking to some people. Rest of the
four hours, two hours just went into
just getting into a flow state. You
actually work barely for one, two hours,
bro. That's all. I mean, even if your
goal is to go to gym and get fed, half
of the time you spend in finding your
socks. I'm not talking about socks here,
but I think you got the point. You
literally waste a lot of time because
you think that you have a lot of time.
Now, this third one is kind of crazy
because I think we are all spoiled by
watching a day in the life of my
productive life videos on Instagram
where they be like a 5 to 6:00 I'll go
to gym, 6 to 7:00 I'll come back and
make eggs. What the [__] And the sad
part is that most of us we take
inspiration from those videos and we
actually think we actually believe that
all of that is true. But in real life
that's just fake. I think they must have
at least spent two days recording that
video and 4 days editing it even before
posting that video. And to all the
people who take inspiration from that
thinking that I'll do this, this this.
They have like 10 different things to
do. Stop. You can't be chasing 10
different things all at the same time.
You just need to have one just one
[__] goal. That's it. And in the
worst possible scenario, you can have
two different goals, but even those two
have to go in sync with each other.
Which means you can go to work, work,
work, work, go to gym, come back and
work, work, work. But your major
priority, the P 0 is this work is the
goal that you're chasing. And if this is
ever coming in the way of this, you
should be like, [__] it. This is my
primary goal and this is what I'll
chase. You just need to prioritize for
30 days. That is it. Now let's talk
about the fourth one. And I think the
fourth one is going to be one of the
biggest reasons why most of you will
fail during the next 30 days. Listen to
me very carefully. So once you finally
decide that you want to [__]
disappear, you shrink the goals. You
don't have one year. You just have 30
days and you also have just one goal
inside your head and you're ready to
spend the next 30 days chasing it. Now
the first 5 6 days will go amazingly
well. You'll be having a lot of
motivation. None of the distractions can
distract you. You're at the god level
productivity levels here. Now, the next
seven days will also go decently well.
You'll still have good motivation
levels. You'll still be consistent and
everything will be nice. Now, the third
week is usually where the problems start
coming up. You lose your consistency,
your motivation levels come down. You'll
be looking at others and you'll be like,
"Oh [__] am I doing right? Am I doing
wrong?" You'll get into all this
overthinking and all that stuff usually
happens during the third week. And you
instead of focusing on your goals,
you'll start overthinking and your
progress finally starts slowing down.
And the last week you'll spend in
overthinking and that's it. You should
have been literally here but you're
literally here. This is the same place
that you were before 2 weeks. What
happened? Now if this should not happen
to you, there's a very simple trick that
you can use and this is called as having
checkpoints where you don't just have
goals but you also have a solid plan of
where you have to be after every 5 days.
So in this way after the first 5 days is
over you know where you have to be after
the next 5 days and after that is over
instead of you overthinking or instead
of you thinking about someone else and
comparing and be like oh what is that
guy doing? What is this guy doing? All
of this none of them will happen. You'll
actually have the clarity. Oh, this is
where I want to be. Let me just go
there. Once this goal is achieved,
you'll also feel good. You'll also feel
more motivated. And now you have the new
targets to chase. So, this keeps you in
a very nice dopamine loop. It's like,
okay, 5 days target is done. Now, we
have something else to chase. Again,
you'll chase it. Now, that is also
achieved. Again, you'll chase it and
that is also achieved. And then finally,
you will not be here. You'll actually be
here. In the 30 days, you'll have like a
actual progress in your life. And what
if something happens to you here and
you're not actually at the target?
You're still here. What will you do
that? Simple. Don't worry. Do not panic.
Just shift the dates like from here you
are still here. So shift these five days
and shift it to here. But what I wanted
to tell you from step number four is
that have checkpoints because
checkpoints keep you in a nice dopamine
loop and they also give you a clear
direction of where you are and where you
have to be. And finally, the fifth one.
This is again super important because
this can actually break it or make it.
And this is kind of very rude, very
weird to say this, but this is to just
[__] ignore.
Everyone get emotionless. Someone came
to you and they're like insulting you.
You don't give a [__] You just walk
straight. Focus on your goals. Someone
literally came to you and they just
pushed you. You don't give a [__] You
be like, "Come back. Work." A group of
bunch of [__] are teasing you. What
do you do? You don't react. You just
turn the side, keep walking. Let the
docks keep barking because this [__]
train doesn't stop. It doesn't give a
[__] So, yeah, this is the five-step
framework. And if you're still watching
this, I really want you to go to the
comments below and write it down. What
is that one goal that you're going to
chase for the next 30 days? Chase it for
next 30 days and come back and reply to
it. I want to see you transform. I want
you to be the best [__] version of
yourself this year. Thanks to it.